Reverse proxy dynamic subpath (#540)
OpenZWave/Zwave2Mqtt: README.md

4. Open the browser <http://localhost:8091>

> ### Reverse Proxy Setup

Reviewer: Please add this to the TOC

Author: Added to the TOC

4. Open the browser <http://localhost:8091>

### Reverse Proxy Setup

If you need to setup ZWave To MQTT behind a reverse proxy that needs a _subpath_ to

> work, take a look at [this](docs/subpath.md).

Reviewer 2: semantic links for accessibility are better, imagine a screen reader shouting **THIS** at you when someone is tabbing through :)
```suggestion
work, take a look at [the reverse proxy configuraiton docs](docs/subpath.md).
```

Zwave2Mqtt try to do its best to guess how to map devices from Zwave to HASS. At the moment it try to guess the device to generate based on zwave values command classes, index and units of the value. When the discovered device doesn't fit your needs you can you can set custom a `device_class` to values using Gateway value table.

> 

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/OpenZWave/Zwave2Mqtt/pull/549

> 

Author: Fixed!
